docs(Ecosystem): Add fastify-no-additional-properties community plugin (#1762)
fastify/fastify: docs/Ecosystem.md

- [`fastify-mongoose-driver`](https://github.com/alex-ppg/fastify-mongoose) Fastify Mongoose plugin that connects to a MongoDB via the Mongoose plugin with support for Models.
- [`fastify-multer`](https://github.com/fox1t/multer) Multer is a plugin for handling multipart/form-data, which is primarily used for uploading files.
- [`fastify-nats`](https://github.com/mahmed8003/fastify-nats) Plugin to share [NATS](http://nats.io) client across Fastify.

> - [`fastify-no-additional-properties`](https://github.com/greguz/fastify-no-additional-properties) Make `additionalProperties: false` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`fastify-no-additional-properties`](https://github.com/greguz/fastify-no-additional-properties) Add `additionalProperties: false` by default to your JSON Schemas.
```
